feat(content): update groups (#150)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/administration/groups.rst

A group can have one or more managers, concept which can then be used for notifications, for example to send an email to the manager(s) of the group when a ticket is opened, see :ref:`notification management <configure_notifications>`.

The concepts of manager can be configured in the "Users" tab.

Assigning a user o a group is either static and done using the GLPI interface, or dynamic when this is automatically extracted from the LDAP directory.

A group is attached to the entity in which it is created and can then be visible in sub-entities.

From the list of groups, a group can be imported from a LDAP directory via the *LDAP directory link* button if external authentication is used and the "Auth and sync update" authorization is granted in profile. The assignment of users to groups will be automatic, see :doc:`Profiles </modules/administration/profiles/profiles>`. If several directories are configured, the choice between directories is proposed, otherwise the search form is directly accessible.

> Depending on how you search for groups (see :doc:`Authenticating users from LDAP directories </modules/configuration/authentification/ldap>`), a **Search filter in groups** and/or a **User search filter** appear: these allow to refine the list to be imported. If GLPI is used in multi-entities, it is necessary to select the destination entity of the group as well as its visibility in the sub-entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on how you search for groups (see :doc:`Authenticating users from LDAP directories </modules/configuration/authentification/ldap>`), a **Search filter in groups** and/or a **User search filter** appear. These allow to refine the list to be imported. If multiple entities exist in GLPI, it is necessary to select the destination entity of the group as well as its visibility in the sub-entities.
```
